{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green45\blue42;\red255\green255\blue255;\red162\green70\blue22;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c23529\c23137\c21569;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c70196\c35294\c10588;
}
{\info
{\author Elisabeth Robson}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19520\viewh25200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl920\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Exercise: Design the Button Handlers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 No pressure, but let's say you're in front of the whiteboard, your teammates gathered around you, and you need to do a little whiteboard sketch and pseudocode to show how the button handlers are going to work. Remember, the Start button is doing triple duty: it serves as a Start button at the beginning of the game, and after you've hit Clear. Once you start the game, however, it changes to Pause. And if you click the button while it is the Pause button, then it changes to a Continue button.\cb1 \
\cb3 Also make sure you are considering a variable to keep track of whether the game is running or not. We'll call it\'a0
\f1 \cf4 \strokec4 playing
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 . The\'a0
\f1 \cf4 \strokec4 playing
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0variable should initially be set to false; when you click the Start button, then\'a0
\f1 \cf4 \strokec4 playing
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0should be set to true. And, when you click Pause then\'a0
\f1 \cf4 \strokec4 playing
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0should be false. Clicking Continue sets\'a0
\f1 \cf4 \strokec4 playing
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0goes back to true again. And finally, if you click Clear, then\'a0
\f1 \cf4 \strokec4 playing
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0is set to false again. So there's a lot to keep track of here.\cb1 \
\cb3 To sketch out how this is going to work, use whatever method you like: a diagram, some pseudocode, whatever works for you. Don't stress if you don't think you have it all; you're just trying to wrap your brain around everything the handlers need to do. After you've completed this exercise, proceed to the next section and we'll work up some code together.\cb1 \
}