{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green45\blue42;\red255\green255\blue255;\red162\green70\blue22;
\red31\green36\blue45;\red60\green184\blue123;\red63\green69\blue80;\red13\green100\blue126;\red245\green246\blue249;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c23529\c23137\c21569;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c70196\c35294\c10588;
\cssrgb\c16078\c18824\c23137;\cssrgb\c27451\c76078\c55686;\cssrgb\c31373\c34118\c38824;\cssrgb\c0\c46667\c56863;\cssrgb\c96863\c97255\c98039;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
{\info
{\author Elisabeth Robson}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19520\viewh25200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl920\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Bonus: add a random button\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 To make the game even better, let's add a random button to the Game of Life. With the random button, we'll be able to seed the grid with lots of cells, randomly placed on the grid... a little bit more like a real life situation.\cb1 \
\cb3 First, update your "index.html" file with the following line of HTML; add this line just below the start and clear buttons:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 <button\cf5 \strokec5  id=\cf6 \strokec6 "random"\cf4 \strokec4 >\cf5 \strokec5 random\cf4 \strokec4 </button>\cf7 \cb1 \strokec7 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 We've added the button to the HTML, so now we need to update our code in "code.js" to add a click handler for the button. So, we'll update the function\'a0
\f2 \cf4 \strokec4 setupControlButtons
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0to assign a click handler, and add a new function\'a0
\f2 \cf4 \strokec4 randomButtonHandler
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 , the click handler for the button.\cb1 \
\cb3 This code should be old hat for you at this point: we're going to loop through every cell in the grid, and randomly assign the class "dead" or "live" to each cell in the view, and a corresponding 0 or 1 to the\'a0
\f2 \cf4 \strokec4 grid
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0array (the state in our model). To make a random choice between a dead cell and a live cell, we'll generate a random number 0 or 1 using\'a0
\f2 \cf4 \strokec4 Math.random
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0and\'a0
\f2 \cf4 \strokec4 Math.round
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 .\cb1 \
\cb3 Before we loop, we'll start out doing two things: we'll make sure the user can't click the random button while the game is playing, and we'll also clear out the current view and model state. We already have code to do the latter---in\'a0
\f2 \cf4 \strokec4 clearButtonHandler
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 . So we can use that, and just call that function to do that work for us.\cb1 \
\cb3 The complete code for the random button is in Resources. Get this added to your "code.js" file, and then test it. You should be able to click random to add a random initial state to the grid, and then click start to start the game and see your cells come to life.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Resources for this lecture\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs40 \cf8 \cb9 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:void(0)"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec8 Code for the random button}}\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}