{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green45\blue42;\red255\green255\blue255;\red162\green70\blue22;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c23529\c23137\c21569;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c70196\c35294\c10588;
}
{\info
{\author Elisabeth Robson}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19520\viewh25200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl920\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Code the clear button: Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Right now, our "clear" button doesn't do what it's supposed to do. The handler for this button,\'a0
\f1 \cf4 \strokec4 clearButtonHandler
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 , simply sets\'a0
\f1 \cf4 \strokec4 playing
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0back to false (meaning we've stopped the game from playing), and sets the\'a0
\f1 \cf4 \strokec4 startButton
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0back to "start". So what do we want the "clear" button to actually do?\cb1 \
\cb3 Well, along with what it already does, we want it to clear out the grid. That means, both the grid in the view (all the table cells), as well as the grid state in the game (in the\'a0
\f1 \cf4 \strokec4 grid
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0and\'a0
\f1 \cf4 \strokec4 newGrid
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0arrays). We already have a function to clear the two arrays (
\f1 \cf4 \strokec4 resetGrids
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 ), so we can call that from\'a0
\f1 \cf4 \strokec4 clearButtonHandler
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 . We're also going to need to add the code to make sure all the cells in the table---that is, the grid in the view---are set back to dead by giving them all the class "dead". Oh, and don't forget, if you click the "clear" button, you'll also need to clear the timer so we don't call\'a0
\f1 \cf4 \strokec4 play
\f0 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0again until you click the "start" button.\cb1 \
\cb3 Check out the details of how we implement the clear button in the next lesson's video, and then get the code added.\cb1 \
}