{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green45\blue42;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green100\blue126;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c23529\c23137\c21569;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c46667\c56863;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\author Elisabeth Robson}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19520\viewh25200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl920\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The finish line\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 You've completed The Game of Life project, and implemented the rules for Conway's Game of Life in the browser. We hope you're having fun playing the game. Once you're ready, take a look at some cool things you might do next.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Why Stop Now? How about...
\f0\b0 \cb1 \

\f1\b \cb3 Extending your project?
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 Now that you've totally rocked this project, could you take it further? Of course. Here are some ideas:\cb1 \
\cb3 The Game of Life is just one example of a class of systems called Cellular Automata. In fact, now that you have the basics coded you can easily change out the algorithm to get other interesting computations. Here's a simple one:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If a cell is live, it stays alive in the next iteration.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs40 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs36 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If a dead cell has two live cells adjacent to it, the dead cell changes state to live.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs40 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 Code that and give it a try. Also try varying the number of adjacent cells that need to be alive for a dead cell to change state. Can you think of real systems this simulates? How about forest fires or flu transmission?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Or doing more research?
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 If you'd like to learn more about cellular automata check out the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cellular_automaton"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Cellular Automata}}\'a0Wikipedia page.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Or taking the project in a whole new direction?
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 Learn about the web sound API and create a generative music app from the Game of Life by assigning samples and sounds to grid locations. You might also check out apps and devices like the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tenori-on"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 Tenori-on}}\'a0for inspiration.\cb1 \
}