{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green45\blue42;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green100\blue126;
\red245\green246\blue249;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c23529\c23137\c21569;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c46667\c56863;
\cssrgb\c96863\c97255\c98039;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\author Elisabeth Robson}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19520\viewh25200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl920\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Code the grid model: Write the Code\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 In the next lesson, we implement the model---that is, the grid state---with two, two-dimensional arrays: one for the current state, and one for the next state. You can think of the current state as the first piece of graph paper, after you've filled it in, and the next state as the piece of graph paper you use to compute the next state of the game.\cb1 \
\cb3 You might be asking "don't we need more than two arrays? Don't we need a new array for each generation of we compute?" Good question. But, unlike our graph paper, we can reuse the old array on the next round of the game. Oh, we should also mention that in the model we're going to use 0 to represent a dead cell, and 1 to represent a live cell, so our two state arrays will be filled with 0's and 1's as we play the game.\cb1 \
\cb3 Watch the video in the next lesson and follow along with your own code.\cb1 \
\cb3 The\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gist.github.com/bethrobson/adf635dd1fa03431b354"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 complete code is at GitHub}}, with the two data structures we will be using to store the state of the grid.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Resources for this lecture\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs40 \cf4 \cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "javascript:void(0)"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Code for this step}}\cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
}